README.md, before:

# City Explorer

**Author**: Sarah Glass
**Version**: 1.0.0 (increment the patch/fix version number if you make more commits past your first submission)

## Overview
Build a React applicaiton that uses the Axios library to make user-initiated requests for data from a third-party API.

![WRRC - backend to API](/WRRC1.png)
![WRRC - backend to frontend](/WRRC%202.png)

## Getting Started
- Create a project through React in terminal
- Install Axios and Bootstrap and add to package.json
- Go to LocationIQ.com to obtain your own API Key
- Use Axios and Bootstrap to update pieces of your project according to your needs

## Architecture
- React
- Bootstrap
- Axios
- LocationIQ as the third party API
- GitHub
- Netlify

## Change Log
03/20/2023 9:59pm - Application can connect to LocationIQ to retrieve and display city name, lat, lon, and map. 
3/21/2023 9:32pm - Application is connected to backend server and renders daily forecast data for a given city.

## Time Estimates

Name of feature: #1 Conect to third party API LocaitonIQ and render city name, lat, lon, and map

Estimate of time needed to complete: 3 hours

Start time: 6:17pm

Finish time: 9:25pm

Actual time needed to complete: 3 hours, 8 minutes

----------------------------------------------

Name of feature: #2 Conect to backend server and render daily weather information for user selected city

Estimate of time needed to complete: All day long...probably 

Start time: 3:30pm

Finish time: 9:34pm

Actual time needed to complete: 6 hours, 4 minutes

## Credit and Collaborations
Teachers Audrey and David and TAs Tony, Matt, Raul, and Justin

Commit message:

adding weather and movie data

README.md, after:

# City Explorer

**Author**: Sarah Glass
**Version**: 6.0.0 (increment the patch/fix version number if you make more commits past your first submission)

## Overview
Build a React applicaiton that uses the Axios library to make user-initiated requests for data from three third-party APIs.

![WRRC](/WRRC3.png)

## Getting Started
- Create a project through React in terminal
- Install Axios and Bootstrap and add to package.json
- Go to LocationIQ.com to obtain your own API Key
- Use Axios and Bootstrap to update pieces of your project according to your needs

## Architecture
- React
- Bootstrap
- Axios
- LocationIQ as the third party API
- GitHub
- Netlify

## Change Log
03/20/2023 9:59pm - Application can connect to LocationIQ to retrieve and display city name, lat, lon, and map. 
3/21/2023 9:32pm - Application is connected to backend server and renders daily forecast data for a given city.
3/22/2023 856pm - Application renders weather and location information; still needs to display movie data.

## Time Estimates

Name of feature: #1 Conect to third party API LocaitonIQ and render city name, lat, lon, and map

Estimate of time needed to complete: 3 hours

Start time: 6:17pm

Finish time: 9:25pm

Actual time needed to complete: 3 hours, 8 minutes

----------------------------------------------

Name of feature: #2 Conect to backend server and render daily weather information for user selected city

Estimate of time needed to complete: All day long...probably 

Start time: 3:30pm

Finish time: 9:34pm

Actual time needed to complete: 6 hours, 4 minutes

## Credit and Collaborations
Teachers Audrey and David and TAs Tony, Matt, Raul, and Justin.
